[Music]
[Applause]
so let me just start with my story so I
tore my knee joint meniscus cartilage
playing soccer in college then I went on
to tear my ACL the ligament in my knee
and then developed in our thrid ik knee
and I'm sure that many of you in this
audience have that same story and by the
way I married a woman who has exactly
the same story
and so this motivated me to become an
orthopedic surgeon and to see if I
couldn't focus on solutions for those
problems that would keep me playing
sports and not limit me so with that let
me just show you a quick video to get
you in the mood of what we're trying to
explain you're all aware of the risk of
cancer but there's another disease
that's destined to affect even more of
us arthritis cancer may kill you but
when you look at the numbers arthritis
ruins more lives assume you live a long
life there's a 50% chance you'll develop
arthritis and it's not just aging that
causes arthritis common injuries can
lead to decades of pain until our joints
quite literally grind to a halt
desperate for a solution we turn to
engineering to design artificial
components to replace our worn-out body
parts but in the myths of the modern
buzz around the promises of a bionic
body shouldn't we stop and ask if
there's a better more natural way
let's consider an alternative path what
if all the replacements our bodies need
already exist in nature or within our
own stem cells this is the field of
biologic replacements where we replace
worn-out parts with new natural ones and
so the mission is how do I treat these
things biologically and let's talk about
both what I did for my wife and what
I've done for hundreds of other patients
the first thing for my wife and the most
common thing I hear from my patients
particularly the forty to eighty year
old age group or seven-year-old age
group is that come in and say hey Doc
isn't there just a shock absorber you
can put in my knee I'm not ready for a
joint replacement and so for her I put
in a human meniscus allograft a donor
right into that joint space and that
replaces that and then for the unstable
ligament we put in a human donor
ligament to stabilize the knee and then
for the damaged arthritis on the surface
we do a stem cell paste graft which we
designed in 1991 to regrow that
articular cartilage surface and give a
back a smooth surface there so here's my
wife's bad knee on that left and her
just hiking now four months later in
Aspen and doing well and it works not
just for my wife but certainly for other
patients the girl on the video Jen
hoodak just won the super pipe in Aspen
just nine months after having destroyed
her knees you see in the other image and
having a paste graft to that knee and so
we can regrow these surfaces
biologically so with all this success
why isn't that good enough you might ask
well the reason is because there's not
enough donor cycles there's not enough
young healthy people falling off their
motorcycle and donating that tissue to
us and the tissues very expensive and so
that's not going to be a solution for
that's going to get us global with
biologic tissue but the solution is
animal tissue because it's plentiful
it's cheap you can get it from young
healthy tissues but the barrier is
immunology and the specific barrier is a
specific epitope called the Galactus
seal or gal epitope so if we're going to
transplant animal tissues to people we
have to figure out a way to get rid of
that epitope
so my story and working with animal
tissues starts in 1984 and I started
first with cow achilles tendon where we
would take the cow achilles tendon which
is type 1 collagen strip it of its
antigens by degrading it with an acid
and detergent wash and forming it into a
regeneration template we would then take
that regeneration template and insert it
into the missing meniscus cartilage to
regrow that in a patient's knee we've
now done that procedure and it's been
done worldwide in over 4,000 cases so
it's an FDA approved a worldwide
accepted way to regrow the meniscus
that's great when I can degrade the
tissue but what happens for your
ligament when I need an intact ligament
I can't grind it up in a blender so in
that case I have to design and we
designed with Riga Lili and Tom Turek an
enzyme wash to wash away or strip those
galactus seal epitopes with a specific
enzyme and we call that a gal stripping
technique what we do is humanize the
tissue and so by gal stripping that
tissue we humanize it and then we can
put it back into a patient's knee and
we've done that now we've taken Pig
ligament young healthy big tissue put it
into ten patients and an fda-approved
trial and then one of our patients went
on to have three Canadian masters
downhill Championships on his pig leg as
he calls it so we know it can work and
there's a wide clinical trial of this
tissue now pending so what about the
next step what about getting to a total
biologic knee replacement not just the
parts how are we going to revolutionize
artificial joint replacement well here's
how we're going to do it so what we're
gonna do is take an articular cartilage
from a young healthy Pig
strip it of its antigens load it with
your stem cells then put it back on to
that arthritic surface in your knee tack
it on there have you heal that surface
and then create a new biologic surface
for your knee so that's our biological
right now we're going to rebuild your
knee with a part
we're gonna resurface it with a
completely new surface but we have other
advantages from the animal kingdom
there's a benefit of 400 million years
of ambulation we can harness those
benefits we can use thicker younger
better tissues than you might have
injured in your knee or then you might
have when you're 40 50 or 60 we can do
it as an outpatient procedure we can
strip that tissue very economically and
so this is how we can get biologic knee
replacement to go global and so welcome
to super biologics it's not hardware
it's not software
it's Bioware it's version 2.0 of you and
so with that coming to an coming to an
operating theater near you soon I
believe thank you very much
[Applause]
[Music]
the precision of a watch is a function
of its movement for Rolex and for Hans
Wilsdorf to guarantee the precision of a
timepiece the pressing question was how
to protect the movement itself from the
elements not only water but also tiny
particles of dust in 1926 a major step
was taken with the creation of the
world's first waterproof and dustproof
wristwatch
the Rolex oyster was born over the years
subtle changes in the design continued
to improve the oyster adding more
comfort while keeping the style
contemporary
and along with style more functions have
been added a Rolex wristwatch was the
first to show the date through a small
aperture on the face it was also the
first wristwatch to spell out the day of
the week in form
[Music]
in the early 1950s Rolex developed
professional watches whose functions
went far beyond telling the time
launched in 1953 the Submariner was the
first Rolex watch guaranteed water
proved to a depth of 330 feet already on
an incredible journey of innovation and
design Rolex decided to push the
boundaries even further in 1960 the
bathyscaphe Trieste and Rolex made
history the submersible successfully
dived to thirty five thousand eight
hundred feet below the surface of the
ocean
a Rolex deep-sea special was strapped to
the outside the development of undersea
exploration led to the launching in 1967
of the sea dweller 2000 waterproof to a
depth of 2,000 feet
in 2008 the Submariner in gold is
redesigned and the case features a new
unidirectional rotatable bezel with a
sarah chrome disc
fitted with the patented rolex friend
lock system the Rolex deep-sea safely
descends to twelve thousand eight
hundred feet
[Music]
Rolex has incorporated countless hours
and more than a century of experience
years of research innovation and
development into every one of its models
and the benefits arising from this work
including waterproofness precision and
durability are the result of Rolexes
continuous pursuit of perfection
[Music]
from the most elegant and prestigious
models to the professional timepieces
all are exquisitely crafted
piece by piece we design and manufacture
every single watch
and the story continues